README.md, before:

# 📊 Counter Controller

## Description

The Counter Controller is a straightforward and efficient tool designed to help users manage counters. With this tool, users can easily increase, decrease, and reset their counters, making it ideal for various counting needs. Additionally, users can increase the counter by using the space bar. The counter has the ability to lock counting after reaching 5, preventing further increments.

This small project was created just for fun and to practice React, Javascript, DOM manipulation and css.

## Technologies Used

- 🖥️ **Programming Language**: JavaScript
- 🌐 **Framework**: React
- 📦 **Package Manager**: npm

## Features

- ➕ Increment counter
- ➖ Decrement counter
- 🔄 Reset counter
- 📊 Retrieve current counter value

## Usage

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/counter-controller.git
   ```
2. **Install dependencies**:
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
3. **Run the application**:
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```

Commit message:

update README to reflect project name change from Counter Controller to ClickAndCount

README.md, after:

# 📊 Click and Count

## Description

The ClickAndCount project is a straightforward and efficient tool designed to help users manage counters. With this tool, users can easily increase, decrease, and reset their counters, making it ideal for various counting needs. Additionally, users can increase the counter by using the space bar. The counter has the ability to lock counting after reaching 5, preventing further increments.

This small project was created just for fun and to practice React, Javascript, DOM manipulation and css.

## Technologies Used

- 🖥️ **Programming Language**: JavaScript
- 🌐 **Framework**: React
- 📦 **Package Manager**: npm
- 🎨 **Styling**: CSS

## Features

- ➕ Increment counter
- ➖ Decrement counter
- 🔄 Reset counter
- 📊 Retrieve current counter value

## Usage

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/sentonia/click-and-count.git
   ```
2. **Install dependencies**:
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
3. **Run the application**:
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```
